Accountant - a person that works with the money and accounts of a company.

Actor /Actress - a person that acts in a play or a movie

Architect - a person that designs building and houses.

Astronomer - a person who studies the stars and the universe

Author - They write books or novels.

Baker - They make bread and cakes and normally work in a bakery.

Bricklayer - a person that helps to build houses using bricks.

Bus driver - a person that drives buses.

Butcher - a person that works with meat. They cut the meat and sell it in their shop.

Carpenter - a person that makes things from wood including houses and furniture.

Chef/Cook - a person that prepared food for others, often in a restaurant or café.

Cleaner - a person that cleans/tidies an area or place (such as in an office)

Dentist - a person that can fix problems you have with your teeth.

Designer - a person who has the job of designing things.

Doctor - a person you go to see when you are ill or have some type of health problem.

Dustman/Refuse collector - a person that collects trash/rubbish from bins in the street.

Electrician - a person that works with electric circuits.

Engineer - a person who develops solutions to technical problems. They sometimes design, build, or maintain engines, machines, structures or public works.

Factory worker - a person that works in a factory.

Farmer - a person that works on a farm, usually with animals.

Fireman/Fire fighter - a person that puts out fires.

Fisherman - a person that catches fish

Florist - a person that works with flowers.

Gardener - a person that keeps gardens clean and tidy. They take care of the plants in the garden.

Hairdresser - they cut your hair or give it a new style.

Journalist - a person that makes new reports in writing or through television.

Judge - a qualified person that decides cases in a law court.

Lawyer - a person that defends people in court and gives legal advice.

Lecturer - a person that gives lectures, usually in a university.

Librarian - a person that works in a library.

Lifeguard - a person that saves lives where people swim (at a beach or swimming pool).

Mechanic - a person that repairs machines, especially car motors.


Model - a (usually attractive) person that works in fashion, modeling clothes and accessories.

Newsreader - a person that reads the news, normally on television.

Nurse - a person trained to help a doctor look after the sick or injured.

Optician - a person that checks your eyes and try and correct any problems with your sight.

Painter - a person that paints pictures or the interior and exterior of buildings.

Pharmacist - a qualified person that works with and dispenses medicine.

Photographer - a person that takes photos.

Pilot - a person who flies a plane.

Plumber - a person that repairs your water systems or pipes.

Politician - a person who works in politics.

Policeman/Policewoman - a member of the police force. They (try and) prevent crime.

Postman - a person that delivers mail to your house.

Real estate agent - a person that makes money from selling land for development.

Receptionist - a person that is at the reception (entrance) of a company.

Scientist - a person that works in the science industry. They do many experiments.

Secretary - a person employed in an office who types letters, keeps records etc.

Shop assistant - a person that works in a shop or store selling products.

Soldier - a person who works for the army.

Tailor - a person that makes clothes for others, many times producing exclusive items of clothing.

Taxi driver - a person who drives a taxi.

Teacher - a person that passes knowledge to students, usually at school.

Translator - a person that translates from one language to another.

Traffic warden - a person that patrols areas to check that people do not park in the wrong place.

Travel agent - a person that organises and sells holidays and flights for others.

Veterinary doctor (Vet) - a qualified person that looks after sick animals.

Waiter/Waitress - a person that works in a food outlet, looking after customers and serving food.

Window cleaner - a person that cleans windows, normally the windows of big buildings.